Payment Mechanism

Urdoorsep subscription offers various payment mechanisms for the convenience of our customers. We do have our own wallet called urdoorstep wallet which is 100% secure and safe. Urdoorstep wallet helps you to recharge and make payment very easily and quickly. You can easily recharge urdoorstep wallet online using credit/debit/Net Banking. We also accept SODEXO & TICKET RESTURANT as your comfort is our first priority.

As a Buyer, You shall be entitled to claim a refund of the Transaction Price (as Your sole and exclusive remedy) in case You do not receive the Delivery within the time period agreed in the Transaction or within the time period as provided in the Policies, whichever is later. Such refund is time barred and in case you do not raise a refund claim using Website features within the stipulated time, You would be ineligible for a refund.

Delivery

We deliver your orders with your trusted milk vendor before 7 AM at your doorstep. No doorbell disturbances, as your comfort is our first priority. We offer more than 1000 products for your daily morning requirements and we have designed this service to provide extreme convenience and comfort right at your doorstep, same time every day morning.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold UEPL and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees harmless from any claim or demand, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of the Conditions, this agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party. UEPL’s failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.

General

If any provisions of these Conditions are found to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect.